everyone would completely blank on
everything else except that target and
we just call it like communication brain
fog because that's actually what
happened to us
well I'm joined right now in week 8 by
stick saying first day after a match
against flight quest that was painful me
too for me to watch we have to talk to
stick say a little bit about that right
now with coverage presented by Omni
slash so stick say what was that game
like for you because I think up in the
press room we were watching it and it
felt like there were a lot of moments
where fly quest should have been able to
close it out but they didn't and then
moments where you guys seem to have
control of the game and then something
went weird like it was just very odd
yeah is also very painful to play yeah
because I mean we pretty much had like
the game secured through our bottom line
advantage we just counted pig's eye or
continent with Kayla Morgana and then
that guy had like four CS and two deaths
he's level one and I was like level
three with like 30s or something
so the game was like pretty over I think
we just snowballed really slowly and
like our past experience playing that
kind of thing we would take the turret
at like five six minutes like that but I
think we're really sort of snowball and
pretty much what happen is there Zach
just came out and ensured that their
bottom line wouldn't keep like in ting
and then we had to we were just doing
our jungle camp so he came down we're
just really really slow to snowball but
we eventually got to take it you know
got dragging stuff like that and then we
just really snow slow to snowball after
that and then they got like a turn
advantage because cho'gath just had
banner we picked also a really like for
top lane matchup so they're talking out
just rush banner and just ran around
every way of just been hearing
everything and I was like holy should
have never seen this before yeah but
yeah we just had Kayla Noi Jana and
Morgana so it's really hard for them to
actually go on us and I kind of just
trapped whatever Lane they walked up to
or we all also just waved clear and then
it's really harder than any game yeah
and we eventually mean to come back yeah
so you made it out alive what I mean
what do you think about flight quest as
a team after that because I think from
the bystander it would be like man it
felt like both those teams played really
poorly no offense to your team but it
did feel like it was a bit of a clown
fiesta but maybe it's just sort of
that's a natural you know cuz I was
interviewing afro after summer match for
with hundred thieves and he was just
saying you know for a viewer that looks
like a mess but it's kind of just how
those two team comps like end up flowing
through is it just looks really messy
yeah I mean I think from our side it
should have been a pretty clean snowball
as to where we should have ended the
game you know 25 minutes or less yeah
but because we messed up and also
because flight because it got so behind
early game the game is just gonna
naturally drag on super long and like I
said they can't really close out super
easily and yeah we just have a really
good defense so yeah I don't know I
guess from the viewer of yours I
probably like what are these teams doing
but for us it's like holy we're
fighting against the world or something
and it's like really stressful to play
so okay some talking a little bit about
you and so the team so the tough
question for me to ask you because you
and I are pretty good terms or whatever
but when we kind of I'm we kind of blunt
there was a point around like week four
or something where I had a conversation
with somebody where the conversation was
is stick say the worst ADC in North
America right now and na LCS and I say
this only because it feels like that's
definitely not a conversation you could
have right now like you have been
performing really solid in the past
couple of weeks people I think are
feeling really good in your performance
I am curious how you feel about where
you were at the start of the split
versus now and how offended you are by
the question I just asked I think people
are just really quick to jump on like
hmm someone could just have like one
dead game and they're like mmm wow he's
underperforming so hard the next game
just like pops off and it's like wow
that guy is insane and yeah I think for
my team in me there's a lot of like
miscommunication we had like really
weird like
sure very first few weeks of LCS and I
would say it made it really hard for us
to succeed and we of course we changed
all that stuff but yeah I think there's
a lot of miscommunication and my team in
general I feel like relies on
communication like very heavily and for
example like you know you say like this
target this truck at this target what
would pretty much happen is like
everyone would completely blank on
everything else except that target and
we just call it like communication brain
fog because that's actually what
happened to us and yeah I don't know we
we just had a pretty like poor idea of
how to play our comps and stuff like
that so naturally you know I'm going to
look worse and as as we fix those things
I'm gonna look better so I don't think
necessarily I was playing like super bad
I think a lot of it was like just how
our team was at the time so so you don't
you don't perceive a pretty big
difference in your skill level and sorry
level you were playing it at the start a
split verse now because it like again I
feel like this is a pretty big
conversation you just feel like that's
gonna because the communication fixes
yep I actually feel like I mean of
course I'm gonna get like naturally
better that the split has I'm just
playing a lot more games but after
getting split I also felt like I was
like really good going into this play
and then you know of course we lost like
the first few weeks ago LCS and then it
was like I still didn't really ever like
question myself individually it was also
it was always just like you know these
communication things are really like
messing us up and making it hard for me
personally to succeed but as for
everyone else too is just really hard to
succeed speaking of you and kind of
moving out to your bot lane bio Frost
from the interview I did last week with
Tony it sounds like he is now the
shot-caller for CLG or the primary shot
caller what what has that been like for
you guys and how do you think it's
working out it's been it's been
interesting Vincent when you first came
on the team he was very quiet and he
just said the basic stuff that supports
communicated like hey we should get
vision here stuff like that and then we
transition to him being like the primary
shot caller so he went from like you
know being the more quieter person to be
like okay guys do this everyone drop
whatever you're doing do this like stuff
like that and I think he is just a very
like passive person
and he's definitely working on like
being more guess with this thing's but
yeah I think right now we're at like a
decent baseline I thought I think we
have a bit to work on in terms of my
gameplay and even a communication but
it'll only keep everything so do you
still have playoff hopes in your dreams
cuz it does it's it's a tough path for
you guys to do it but you still can do
it after this match yeah I mean so my
ultimate goal is I think the scenario so
I was like TSM and us are fighting for
the last spot and then we just knock
guess I'm gonna press because that would
be just but yeah I do you thinking my
post oh okay and do you what what is the
difference between TS sorry CLG now vs.
CLG that was struggling so much in the
first half of the split is it literally
just that you guys have solved like the
shot-caller communication issues with
the bio frost stepping in or like what
is it that's gonna allow you to
potentially knock TSM out I would just
say a lot of us got a lot more
confrontational about things we're doing
game and I would say in specific we had
like a really inefficient post game
process so whenever we go after again we
weren't really talking about the stuff
we need to to fix those mistakes and
improve for the next game and once we
brought that up like you know we weren't
really getting much out of these games
even just every scream is just like okay
we're not we're talking about like one
thing but we're not talking about all
the mistakes that were making so these
mistakes just keep piling up and then
they even happen on stage actually
forgot the question the question was
just what's the what's the difference is
it not just the communication is there
something else that's allowing you guys
to like be so good that you could
potentially knock TSM out yeah so like I
said we got a lot more confrontational
about people's mistakes individually and
personally I felt like I had to impact
other people's roles a lot more and be
like hey I think you should be doing
this you should be doing that you should
be doing this stuff like that and it
does seem like that helps a lot and I
think just a lot more of that it was
going to fix a lot of issues very good
well sticks say is there anything you
want to say to any of the fans out there
I think you guys for supporting us as
always and hopefully you guys are so
what that's for
the wild playoff run that we're gonna
have this year oh good well thank you so
much for the interview for everyone else
you can check out my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel hey guys it's me Travis cafard
you may know me from the interview that
you just watched the end so that you're
seeing the outro now wanted to give you
a heads up that if you subscribe to the
YouTube channel you're actually a better
human being and by the way thank you so
much to Omni slash for making this all
possible